hey how's it going guys this is Dave - D
so the 12-inch MacBook from 2015 a
really nice looking device but it was
geared towards a specific type of user
not everyone could make it fit into the
lives same thing goes for the 2016 model
though it's been updated but a lot of it
remains identical it's got the same
aluminum body with incredibly high build
quality probably the best in the
business it still has an awesome display
with pretty much quad HD resolution
great viewing angles good screen
brightness and pretty good color
accuracy the 480p webcam that people
love to hate on is still there I think
it's weird that they didn't change this
the keyboard is also unchanged it uses
the same shallow butterfly switches that
took awhile for me to get used to but
I've grown to like it a lot the forest
touch trackpad is unchanged it's one of
the best track pads out there and it
still has fantastic speakers I think
it's the best speakers in this class of
laptop and most importantly and kind of
surprisingly it still has one port for
everything including charging USB
connections and outputs for displays if
you're looking for an adapter this is by
far the best one I've used good number
of ports it doesn't overheat and it has
use BC pass-through so you can charge
while you're using it there's a link
below if you want it so the refresh
hasn't changed at all aesthetically
accepted now comes in rose gold so I was
actually interested in rose gold I was
going to get it I saw it in person and I
chickened out you might have bigger
balls but I highly recommend checking
that in person before you commit to
buying it because really it's a really
large slab of pink to be carrying around
the things that have changed first the
processors are slightly faster they now
run skylake chips and for the core m3
Geekbench pegs it to be around 15%
faster most of that speed boost actually
comes from the increased memory
bandwidth and memory clock speed the
drive speeds have also improved they
were reasonably fast last year but this
year's models definitely a step up the
thing is unless you're opening massive
applications or importing a ton of
photos this speed increased isn't that
pronounced I mean it looks big but
regular computer usage like emailing and
web browsing and just media consumption
all of those things feel pretty similar
on the new
five maybe like five to 10% faster at
best the other spec bump is the
integrated graphics so these skylight
chips have the HD 515 graphics chips for
gaming you're still only able to play
lightweight titles but they run quite a
bit smoother than last year's MacBook
that use the HD 5300 so would
counter-strike go you can hit like 45 50
frames per second this is with
everything turned down to lowest
settings and for MOBAs like dota or
here's of the storm you'll hit like 40
maybe 45 frames per second when you're
laning so it's still not a gaming
machine like far from it but if you have
one and you want to play something light
it's not bad the HD 515 it doesn't
accelerate much else though so it's not
noticeable in Adobe Premiere or even in
Adobe Lightroom unless you're using like
the develop module so even though the
new graphics chip is nice is not really
noticeable for most applications the
graphic strip from last year's MacBook
could only push an external 4k display
at 30 Hertz the HD 505 can theoretically
push it out at 60 Hertz but the USB 3.1
port is still first-generation there is
no Thunderbolt 3 so there's not enough
bandwidth for 60 Hertz and there's not
enough bandwidth for an external GPU
connection if that's what you're looking
for in terms of their thermals they're
basically identical now keep in mind
that this is the core m3 which is like
the base model I can't speak about the
core m5 or the core m7 but in terms of
the base model they are essentially
identical to last year the physical
battery size is the same but it packs a
little bit more juice and when you
combine that with the improved
efficiency of the sky like chips you
like 10% more battery life the price
hasn't changed and I'm a little bit
surprised but if you look around in the
refurbished section of the Apple Store
you can get the 2015 models for like 15%
off that's not bad
okay the 2016 MacBook a lot of stuff
hasn't changed so like the price the
single port the webcam if those were
deal-breakers before they probably still
are the performance has improved a
little bit and the graphics chip is nice
for some users but unless you're playing
games or like you're really jonesing for
a pink one I think a used or refurbished
2015 model is a better value that's the
end of this video hope you guys liked it
give me some thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time